What is RTM and its use in testing life cycle?
RTM is the Requirement Traceability Matrix is the document that captures all requirements proposed by client , and it maps user requirement with test cases.
The RTM is produced at the Requirement analysis phase. Next, based on the created RTM document , we do test planning to finalize the test approach.
Given the completed RTM and test plan , we further develop the test cases and execute the test cases. In the case of defects , the defects are mapped to the test cases in RTM.


- When should we run a regression test on an application?
We should run regression tests whenever the application is modified to ensure the changes do not break the existing functionalities. It is recommended that the regressions
tests are automated and hence cutting down the manual time cost. An even better approach is to have the automated tests be built into a CI pipline which the tests are executed automatically when developer checks in their code.

- What is Database Testing and when should we consider testing database?
Database Testing is the software testing that makes sure the data entered at frontend is saved as expected to the backend database. A more thorough database testing will involve schema testing, authentication/authorization testing, load testing and performance testing.
We should consider database testing from the start of the software development cycle , which we need to have a plan to cover them when the schema changes , stored procedures changes or database migration.


- What do you mean by Absolute and Relative xPaths? Which one should we
consider to create our automation test scripts?
Absolute xPaths uses complete xpath from the root element (html) to the desired element , e.g. /html/body/div , while relative xPaths simply reference the element which we want.
We should use relative xPaths since absolute xpaths are more prone to regression as DOM changes will make them invalid.

- What do you mean by Iterative and Incremental development approach?
Iterative development approach is about building the software product by small functionalities , step by step . The product to small parts .and small water fall , instead of 
Development cycles are sprint cycles , bringing the features faster time to market.

- Write Positive and at least 3 Negative test scenarios for below

Postive

1. Login with existing Facebook Account by entering email and password
2. Register a new Facebook Account and login
3. Login with existing Facebook Account without entering email and password

Negative 
1. Login with the incorrect email / password
2. Close the login form halfway of login
3. 


Positive

1. Select a product and checkout
2. Select multiple products and checkout
3. Select products and then cancel the products and checkout

Negative
1. Checkout without products
2. Adding sold out items
3. Entering big quantity